---
layout: default
title: v0.8.12pb Release Notes
nav_order: 2
parent: Release Notes
---

# What's New in v0.8.12?
- Fixed a graphical glitch where the check for updates button in the settings menu was cut off by the scrollbar.
- Fixed a bug where the application would only close the windows and not shutdown the entire executable file.
- Fixed a bug where three pointers would not reset when the "Start New Game" Button was pressed.
- Fixed a bug where the reset animation button doesn't work.
- Added new launch arguments, run launcher.exe with the `/basket` argument to quickly open the basketball window with the last loaded save.
- Fixed a bug where the "Revert to Original" button in the settings menu wouldn't work.
- Changed the Save button in the settings menu to be visible at all times.
- Fixed a bug where the application would not close fully when the overlay was closed.
- Added a Loading Spinner for specific functions. (Mainly update checking)
- Added basic update channels. The user cannot change the release channel, it is embedded in the application.
- Fixed a bug where the release notes window was able to be resized.

## Known Bugs

- If an event is triggered during the ending animation, the banner will stay down. (The Reset animation button fixes this issue)
- "Revert to Original" Button doesn't work in the settings menu.
- In order for the keybinds to work correctly, a player must be selected in the dashboard.

[**Join the Discord for update notifications**](discord.gg/WrEpxrXxRx)

[Install Here](diamondpg.github.io/StatsApp/Installation.html)

**NOTE: THIS APPLICATION IS NOT SIGNED.** This means windows will show an unknown publisher message when the app launches. Click Run Anyway to continue.
